README.md, before:

# Gatsby Test

## Uses

- Gatsby for SSG
- Theme-UI for styling
- MDX/React for page markup


## Working

- [X] Building and deploying with GitHub actions
- [X] Basic nav in header/footer
- [X] Expandable FAQs
- [X] Fake team images/names
- [X] Placeholder images


## Not working

- [ ] Any real styling
- [ ] User guide layouts
- [ ] Mobile support
- [ ] Doesn't deploy with `GITHUB_TOKEN` for some reason


<!--
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/Gatsby-Monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby minimal starter
</h1>

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the minimal starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the minimal starter
    npm init gatsby
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-gatsby-site/
    npm run develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)
-->

Commit message:

Make sx prop work in Gatsby Link component
Add Link.js to wrap Gatsby Link.
Use Link components so that they are automatically prefixed with the path in gatsby-config.js.
Remove /gatsby-test/ from header/footer link paths.
Add .babelrc to make the @jsxImportSource directive to work.

README.md, after:

# Gatsby Test

## Uses

- Gatsby for SSG
- Theme-UI for styling
- MDX/React for page markup


## Working

- [X] Building and deploying with GitHub actions
- [X] Basic nav in header/footer
- [X] Expandable FAQs
- [X] Fake team images/names
- [X] Placeholder images


## Not working/started

- [ ] Any real styling
- [ ] User guide layouts
- [ ] Mobile support
- [ ] Highlighting current page in header
- [ ] Title for each page isn't getting set
- [ ] Doesn't deploy with `GITHUB_TOKEN` for some reason


<!--
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/Gatsby-Monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby minimal starter
</h1>

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the minimal starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the minimal starter
    npm init gatsby
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-gatsby-site/
    npm run develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)
-->
